# MenuBashScript
It is a 5-point interactive menu. Behind each point is a linux action, a script composed of 3 commands. When the action is finished, the program returns to the main menu. The 5 options are displayed alternatively by a case in conditional statement. The option [1] is: Who am I, print the working directory and directory contents. The whoami command displays the username of the current user. The pwd command prints the working directory. The dir command lists directory contents. The 3 commands are in an array displayed by a for in loop, in a new script file. The option [2] is: Show free disk space, diskspace usage and day, date and time. The df command shows the free disk space available. The du command estimates file space usage. The date command is used to display the system date and time. The 3 commands are in an array displayed by a for in loop, in a new script file. The option [3] is: Show configuration of interfaces or memory usage or clear the screen. The ifconfig command displays the configuration of all active interfaces. The free command displays memory usage. The clear command will clear the terminal screen. The 3 commands are displayed optionally by an if-elif-else conditional statement, in a new script file. The option [4] is: Print group names, system name and user and group id's. The groups command prints group names a user is in. The hostname command prints system name. The id command prints user and group id's. The 3 commands are in an array displayed by a for in loop, in a new script file. The option [5] is to exit the menu.
